
During the course of your life, you will have to stop, and let some people off, no matter how close they are.

And someday while reading something like this, you will look back and count.

Often you are naive to the struggles your parents went though when you were kids.

Most people in life have to spend years relearning the exact same lessons that the previous generation have already learned.

Life doesn't get easier

While it may be exiting and new to venture out on your own, it doesn't come without its challenges. The truth is most of life is a grind, and in your 20s you are figuring out the best ways to get through it. As a matter of fact, many people rush into big cities to struggle to live a good life, crowding in a carbin, tolerating so much hardship and enduring so much pain that you can never imagine! Everyone are somewhat bearing some unknown agony! You will continue to learn more and more harsh reallities while in the course of growing.

Relationships make you crazy

You fall in love. You break up with someone. You think you're in love and realize that other person isn't. You think you know what's important to you but then it changes.You belives someone will go along with you to shall all your joys and sorrows and in the end you grow older together, but finally it structs to you that love can not be everlasting if there isn't solid material foundation. Love is absolutely different from marriage, which will involve two families and requires more responsibility and loyalty. You discover you are too young to undertake so much difficulties in your relationships and then you start to escape, only to find that problems still exists! You have no choice but to face them bravely and struggle to overcome those harsh barriers.

You need to make a change

Financial experts and pundits are always telling you in your 20s to put money away now because by the time you are 65 you will have a nice nest egg. The truth is, for many 20s like me, it's just hard to save. Money flows away unconsciously. You will always complaining about your low salary level or unreached goals! But most of you are just grumbling over the unequal treatment you have ever encountered, you lack the courage to challenge yourself or can not risk losing the cozy and stable life in a national company. Facing so much disturbances, you finally give up making a change, still consist in your original location and continue your unlimited complainment. "Why I earn so little? Why the success seemed unreaching? Why I haven't been promoted after several years' hardworking? Why I always feel so much unhappiness in my own growing course? Why I can never attain a sense of accomplishment?......" You rack your brains to think over so many puzzles repeatedly. However, dear, all you can do is to make a change! First change the atitude and the way you used to see things! You will find that some annoying things are not exactly so aggravating! Then if possible, change your location or position, which will enable you to start an entirely new life!

Your company doesn't really care about you

Companies really care about one thing -- the bottom line. You are just helping them reach that bottom line. As much as companies praise team work and culture, the reality is that you are replaceable.

It's hard to settle down (even if you want to)

Life begins to pull you in many directions. Maybe you want to try living in a new city. Maybe you have a new job opportunity that relocates you to a new city anyway. It's normal to be drawn to many opportunities.

You don't have everything figured out

I used to feel so much pressure to figure it all out. We can be so hard on ourselves when we don't believe we are living the life we are expected to live. Give yourself a break.

Your looks matter

You will always be judged first on the basis of your appearance before anything else.
Happiness is your biggest enemy. It weakens you. Puts doubts in your mind. Suddenly you have something to lose.

Time will destroy everything.

No one apart from your parents gives a crap about you.

In the end you are all alone. Learn to face it.

